Add warning regarding user added adaptation-common (#83)
sailfishos/docs.sailfishos.org: Reference/Sailfish_OS_Cheat_Sheet/README.md

ssu updaterepos
pkcon refresh
pkcon update
```

> Never override *adaptation-common* repository as that will messup your device when upgrading it. Before upgrade make sure *adaptation-common* repository is not listed in *Enabled repositories (user):* as follows:

Reviewer: This is not only adaptation-common but any global repository, right?

Author: I guess it's better to rephrase that way just to be on the safe side.

Author: Adjusted

> Never override *adaptation-common* repository as that will messup your device when upgrading it. Before upgrade make sure *adaptation-common* repository is not listed in *Enabled repositories (user):* as follows:

Reviewer 2: nit:
```suggestion
Never override *adaptation-common* repository as that will mess up your device when upgrading it. Before upgrade make sure *adaptation-common* repository is not listed in *Enabled repositories (user):* as follows:
```

Author: Thanks.
